hey guys my name is Seth Envy and what
do we have here is a caterpillar 277 B
track skid steer loader we're going to
start this machine up and running
operated and then we're going to expect
the major components
okay guys now we're gonna walk around
the machine and take a look at the major
components it's got a general-purpose
low profile caterpillar bucket here the
cutting edge is getting worn down on it
if it's fair you can see pins are pretty
tight in the linkage this machine has
the quick attach so you can take the
attachments off without having to get on
the cab of the machine it's all
hydraulic here's the door it's a fully
cats heated an air-conditioned machine
the undercarriage is in pretty good
shape there are some scratches and some
few cuts and Nick's and whatnot in the
tracks everything's a good shape
the rollers are in good shape these
bearings are all new so you can see some
of the rollers are chipped off around
the sides the front rollers are in
really good shape pretty nice some
scratches around it but everything is in
pretty good condition just the engine
compartment engines a very good
operating condition you can see the
serial number plate here's the other
side of the undercarriage it's in the
same condition the left side there's mud
in the tracks but you can see there are
some Nicks and whatnot around the tracks
here
rollers are all in good shape picked up
some but operational now inside the cab
seats in very nice shape controls I'll
operate well here's your hour meter 1831
hours all the safeties work it's a good
running operating machine you have any
questions such a message give me a call